alright so Iverson's decided to quit the
NBA and you know maybe he's given up but
you know I think I got some tips you
know for Iverson you know I'm and now
all right you know I know as soon as I
said got some tips for Iverson all eyes
are set on me now and y'all ready to
hang me but you know these are some real
tips you know I mean sissy i really
think Iverson could use them you know
because for Iverson at this point you
know Iverson's already a superstar all
right I think he will forever be a
superstar in RI and honestly we've seen
Iverson's game you know we know his game
and you know he doesn't have to prove
that to us anymore but i think what
Ireson really needs to do you know I
really think that it would really help
him if he just humbled himself you know
like and when I say humble himself I
mean you know what take it man like take
the heat take the pressure you know if
they're putting you in a small hole
right there go in that small hole go and
a small hole and just shine through it
you know you'll get through it hey
because the thing is Iverson right now
you know he's so used to being high up
in the sky you know what I mean but hey
right now your challenge in life is to
go back to a small place and slowly rise
yourself up we already know what you're
capable of we already know how good you
are at basketball but hey you know we
just kind of want a little something
else from you right now and I think that
that's what the league is looking from
Iverson specifically I really feel it
you know because nobody's gonna doubt
his talent and that's also the reason
why New York just have to take a quick
peek at this dude he's too talented but
his mind isn't in the right place you
know to play the game to its maximum you
know his mind just isn't in the right
place and I think the first spot for
Iverson is he's just got a humble
himself you know and I know that that's
tough for a dude like him
from his background and you know I
definitely know I can't relate to that
kind of stuff you know but if you want
to get some respect you know if you want
to get some dignity you know that's what
you'll have to do and there's absolutely
no doubt you know that he won't rise up
I mean look at kobe kobe went man fly
for a couple of years after the media
crap spilled out all over him he was mad
quiet dad quiet you know what I mean and
you know he started to watch himself he
cleaned up his act you know and hey you
know after a little while time heals
wounds you know and the thing with
Iverson is you know from those different
teams that he's been in you know those
teams they all keep records you know
what I mean they'll keep records and
they all share records and when I say
they all keep records I just mean like
you know media wise and and controversy
wise and that whole locker room crap you
know there's a whole locker room
chemistry crap in the NBA if you're not
good in the locker room you kind of just
sealed the deal for yourself there you
know I mean I remember reading couple of
headlines and Iverson was talking to
different teammates in the Grizzlies
about being a starter I mean and he was
in the bench and he had just been signed
and you know that's just arrogant you
know because you talk about replacing a
dude that's right on the team what's
gonna happen you're gonna take his spot
he's gonna take your spot you're gonna
become more and he's gonna become less
just because you say so it's just way
too arrogant you know and I feel like
that may have hurt some feelings in that
locker room you know because hey you
know that kid that was probably a
starter on the Grizzlies he probably
felt like hey you know I worked mad hard
for that spot i humbled myself I
listened to the coach you know I mean
part of the problem is always listening
to the coach look at what happened to
mellow last year mellow told his co to
know when you know he wants to keep on
playing then he got a game suspension
for that you know so you know part of it
is just understanding how to mangle and
get along and
you know being humble when the time
calls for you know I'm not gonna say I
racine needs to change and swagger all
the way and you know he needs to do a
complete 360 but I really feel like a
bit of humility and a bit of cooperation
and a bit of compromise is really you
know what Iverson needs to get you know
his game back 100% know always has it
you'll always have his game but it's not
gonna be a hundred percent cuz nobody's
gonna be seeing it you know maybe his
boys back where he's from but I mean hey
you know you were on public television
got a lot of fans a lot of people
watching you a lot of people adoring you
a lot of people copying you I mean every
month you know I remember after Iverson
start with his crossover thing every
last dude in the project we're doing
crossover everybody was practicing
crossovers coming up with new crossovers
kind of break people's ankle you know so
I mean you know that's what Iverson did
he broke their ankles you know when
every June was trying to break other
dudes ankles unfortunately you know
attitude you know attitude is just such
a big problem it'll make you or it'll
break you you know and I mean I'm not
saying Arsene needs to have an attitude
adjustment I think Iverson is a
responsible guy you know I think that
you know he you know he takes care of
himself you know he respects other
people you know and he holds other
people up but I also feel that hey you
know he's gotta be a little bit humble
you know because if there's one thing
you learned from the NBA you know even
just by watching they don't mess around
I mean last year Phil Jackson got fund
50k you know for talking his crap you
know LeBron got fine you know dudes in
the NBA get find all the time and the
enemy is not afraid they yank that cash
right out of your pocket and kick you
out so you know you just kind of got a
you know walk that little fine line for
a while until you could just do whatever
you want you know like dudes like LeBron
and MJ they have a lot of leeway along
with Kobe
says hey you know they're firmly
established the fan base is just so you
know like the stand basis is so driven
by the star that hey you know the enemy
has trouble dealing with you know but
you know i think you know i mean he's
lost a lot of fans just because he's not
on the court playing basketball you know
and and in order for him to be on the
court to play a basketball he's got to
cooperate with the NBA so you know hey
you know his influence will be much less
if he's just not on the court I mean
look at Tracy McGrady man I mean talk
about not influential at all you know
and I'm pretty sure that's why he's
really pushing not to get back into the
game but anyways that's what I verse in
meetings I person needs to learn to
compromise with the NBA you know not
just compromise but also you know just
be a little bit humble you know
sometimes you gotta lose to win you know
and I know the in the NBA it's all about
winning but you know sometimes you gotta
lose to win Iverson he wants to be a
winner he wants to put his team in a
position to win at all times but hey you
know let's face the fact right there's a
time to win there's a time to lose and
when you do lose you learn from the
losses and of course you know when you
do win you learn from the winds that you
can keep on winning but anyways you know
that's all I got to say about ivy